So you may be wondering why are these objects called neural networks.
Well, the reason why they're called neural networks is
because perceptions kind of look like neurons in the brain.
In the left we have a perception with four inputs.
The number is one, zero,
four, and minus two.
And what the perception does,
it calculates some equations on the input and decides to return a one or a zero.
In a similar way neurons in the brain take inputs coming from the dendrites.
These inputs are nervous impulses.
So what the neuron does is it does something with the nervous impulses
and then it decides if it outputs a nervous impulse or not through the axon.
The way we'll create neural networks later in this lesson
is by concatenating these perceptions so we'll be mimicking
the way the brain connects neurons by taking the output from
one and turning it into the input for another one.